## [Free/Libre Open Source and Open Knowledge Association of
Kansas](http://www.openkansas.us/)

Search this site

  * [Home](/home)

    * [Mailing List](/home/mailing-list)

  * [Donate](/donate)

  * [Events](/events-1)

    * [Past](/events-1/past)

    * Yearly Free/Libre Software Conference in the Sunflower State

  * [Hacklabs/Computer Clubs](/hacklabscomputer-clubs)

    * [Other states](/hacklabscomputer-clubs/other-states)

  * [Projects](/projects)

    * [Disabled](/projects/disabled)

    * [Educational and Social Institutions](/projects/educational-and-social-institutions)

    * [Open Source Hardware](/projects/open-source-hardware)

    * [Open Source Tour of Kansas](/projects/open-source-tour-of-kansas)

    * [Open Street Map](/projects/open-street-map)

    * [Wikipedia](/projects/wikipedia)

  * [Sitemap](/system/app/pages/sitemap/hierarchy)

[Events](/events-1)‎ > ‎

###  Yearly Free/Libre Software Conference in the Sunflower State

posted Mar 13, 2014, 11:08 AM by James Michael Dupont    [  updated Jun 27,
2014, 10:01 AM ]

Kansas needs a yearly Linux Fest type event. Yearly events give developers and
supporters and people interested in learning more about FLOSS a place to go.

It also helps improve recruiting new people and increases the status of the
area. It is expensive to travel to other locations for events, and cheaper to
bring a few speakers to a local location than send all the people elsewhere.

  
Many people would like to go to Linux Fest Ohio,
[www.ohiolinux.org](http://www.ohiolinux.org/)/ , fosdem
[https://fosdem.org/‎](https://fosdem.org/%E2%80%8E)or other conferences like
oscon [http://www.oscon.com/oscon2013](http://www.oscon.com/oscon2013) or one
of the many others, [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Free-
software_conferences ](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Free-
software_conferences)but not many people have the time or resources to travel
around. Kansas needs its own event, and Lawrence is the right place to host
it, with a great downtown and a great university it would be the perfect
location.

  
We need a project team to run the conference, we will need helpers of all
sorts. Any help will be appreciated, also we will need to raise some money to
run the conference.

We want to form non profit 501(c)(3) with board members from all different
interested parties to create a legal framework for managing the conference.

  
If you would like to help out, or have some ideas about this, please fill out
the form, the results will be shared only if you like!

  
Here is the form to fill out:

[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1vG_TazxMFDm0-EeBQLm3qyXlFM0-5Cttc_D6ynjITqc/
viewform](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1vG_TazxMFDm0-EeBQLm3qyXlFM0-5Cttc_D
6ynjITqc/viewform)

  
We currently looking for a venue for the conference, options are at the
Lawrence Public Library when it is completed in July 2014.

  
This idea was originally posted under :

[http://fmtyewtk.blogspot.com/2013/08/freelibre-open-source-software-
open.html](http://fmtyewtk.blogspot.com/2013/08/freelibre-open-source-
software-open.html)

Comments

[Sign in](https://www.google.com/a/UniversalLogin?service=jotspot&continue=htt
p://sites.google.com/site/flosokaks/events-1/yearlyfreelibresoftwareconference
inthesunflowerstate)|[Recent Site
Activity](/system/app/pages/recentChanges)|[Report
Abuse](/system/app/pages/reportAbuse)|[Print Page](javascript:;)|Powered By
**[Google Sites](http://sites.google.com)**

